docs: update tonProof doc (#89)
ton-blockchain/ton-connect: requests-responses.md

The signature must be verified by public key:

1. **First, try to extract the public key from `walletStateInit`:**<br>
	1.1. Use `TonAddressItemReply.walletStateInit` and attempt to parse as `StateInit` cell.<br>
 	1.2. Compare `walletStateInit.code` with the code of known standard wallet contracts. If a match is found, parse the `walletStateInit.data` according to the wallet version.<br>
	1.3. Take `publicKey` from parsed `walletStateInit.data`<br>
2. **If `publicKey` is cannot be taken:**<br>
	2.1. Call the on-chain `get_public_key` get-method on the smart contract deployed at `TonAddressItemReply.address`.<br>
	2.2. Extract the `publicKey` from the result of this method call.<br>
3. **Verify `publicKey` and all params:**<br>
	3.1. Check that `TonAddressItemReply.publicKey` matches the extracted public key from `walletStateInit` or from on-chain method `get_public_key` call.<br>
	3.2. Verify that `TonAddressItemReply.walletStateInit.hash()` equals `TonAddressItemReply.address.hash()` (`.hash()` refers to the BoC hash).<br>
4. After that make sure that the `ton_proof` signature is signed by that `publicKey`<br>

> 	4.1. Create a message payload according specification in the [Address proof signature (ton_proof)](https://github.com/jenshenJ/ton-connect/blob/patch-4/requests-responses.md#address-proof-signature-ton_proof) section and make a valid `hash`<br>

Reviewer: should be referenced to the https://github.com/ton-blockchain/ton-connect/blob/main/requests-responses.md#address-proof-signature-ton_proof

```suggestion
	4.1. Create a message payload according specification in the [Address proof signature (ton_proof)](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/ton-connect/blob/main/requests-responses.md#address-proof-signature-ton_proof) section and make a valid `hash`<br>
```
